Variable,TABLA,TABLA INSUMO
rfc,JAT_MCV_VAR_MOVIMIENTOS_LINEA,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA  & DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_DEMOGRAFICOS_IDORIGINAL  & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas
fecha,JAT_MCV_VAR_MOVIMIENTOS_LINEA,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA  & DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_DEMOGRAFICOS_IDORIGINAL  & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas
ds_ol_cl,JAT_MCV_VAR_MOVIMIENTOS_LINEA,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA  & DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_DEMOGRAFICOS_IDORIGINAL  & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas
min_ds_ol_cl,JAT_MCV_VAR_MOVIMIENTOS_LINEA,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA  & DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_DEMOGRAFICOS_IDORIGINAL  & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas
ds_cl,JAT_MCV_VAR_MOVIMIENTOS_LINEA,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA  & DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_DEMOGRAFICOS_IDORIGINAL  & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas
ms_op,JAT_MCV_VAR_MOVIMIENTOS_LINEA,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA  & DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_DEMOGRAFICOS_IDORIGINAL  & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas
rfc,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
fecha,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
ctas_revolventes,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
sdo_revolventes,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
linea_revolvente,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t00,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t01,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t02,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t03,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t04,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t05,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t06,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t07,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t08,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t09,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t10,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t11,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
util_interna_t12,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
mss_desde_util_80mas,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
mss_desde_util_85mas,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
mss_desde_util_90mas,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
mss_desde_util_95mas,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u00m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u01m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u02m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u03m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u04m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u05m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u06m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u07m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u08m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u10m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u11m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
max_util_interna_u12m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u01m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u02m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u03m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u04m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u05m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u06m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u07m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u08m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u10m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u11m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
min_util_interna_u12m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u01m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u02m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u03m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u04m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u05m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u06m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u07m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u08m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u10m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u11m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_util_interna_u12m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u01,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u02,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u03,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u04,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u05,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u06,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u07,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u08,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u09,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u10,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u11,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_mas_util_interna_u12,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u01,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u02,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u03,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u04,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u05,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u06,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u07,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u08,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u09,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u10,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u11,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
avg_pnd_menos_util_interna_u12,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t01,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t02,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t03,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t04,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t05,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t06,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t07,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t08,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t09,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t10,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t11,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_inc_util_interna_t12,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t01,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t02,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t03,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t04,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t05,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t06,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t07,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t08,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t09,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t10,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t11,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
num_dec_util_interna_t12,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_VAR_INTERNAS,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_MovimientoLineas & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_Cat_Alerta_Temp
fecha,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
rfc,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
sum_amortizacionexigible,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
sum_amortizacionnoexigible,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
sum_pagorealizado_periodo,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
sum_pagorealizado_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP, DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
fecha,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
rfc,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
sum_amortizacionexigible,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
sum_amortizacionnoexigible,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
sum_pagorealizado_periodo,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
sum_pagorealizado_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_dias_para_pago,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg1_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg2_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg1_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg2_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_dias_para_pago_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_min_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg1_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg2_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_min_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg1_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg2_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_dias_para_pago_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_min_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg1_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg2_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_min_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg1_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg2_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_dias_para_pago_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_min_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg1_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg2_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_max_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_min_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg1_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
max_avg2_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_dias_para_pago_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_min_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg1_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg2_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_min_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg1_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg2_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_dias_para_pago_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_min_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg1_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg2_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_min_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg1_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg2_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_dias_para_pago_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_min_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg1_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg2_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_max_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_min_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg1_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
min_avg2_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_dias_para_pago_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_min_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg1_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg2_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_min_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_dias_para_pago_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_min_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg1_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg2_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_min_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_dias_para_pago_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_min_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg1_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg2_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_max_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_min_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP
fecha,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP2
rfc,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP3
sum_amortizacionexigible,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP4
sum_amortizacionnoexigible,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP5
sum_pagorealizado_periodo,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP6
sum_pagorealizado_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP7
max_dias_para_pago,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP8
max_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP9
min_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP10
avg1_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP11
avg2_vp_per,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP12
max_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP13
min_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP14
avg1_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP15
avg2_vp_mes,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP16
max_max_dias_para_pago_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP17
max_max_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP18
max_min_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP19
max_avg1_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP20
max_avg2_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP21
max_max_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP22
max_min_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP23
max_avg1_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP24
max_avg2_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP25
max_max_dias_para_pago_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP26
max_max_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP27
max_min_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP28
max_avg1_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP29
max_avg2_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP30
max_max_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP31
max_min_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP32
max_avg1_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP33
max_avg2_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP34
max_max_dias_para_pago_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP35
max_max_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP36
max_min_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP37
max_avg1_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP38
max_avg2_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP39
max_max_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP40
max_min_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP41
max_avg1_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP42
max_avg2_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP43
min_max_dias_para_pago_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP44
min_max_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP45
min_min_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP46
min_avg1_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP47
min_avg2_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP48
min_max_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP49
min_min_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP50
min_avg1_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP51
min_avg2_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP52
min_max_dias_para_pago_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP53
min_max_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP54
min_min_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP55
min_avg1_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP56
min_avg2_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP57
min_max_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP58
min_min_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP59
min_avg1_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP60
min_avg2_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP61
min_max_dias_para_pago_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP62
min_max_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP63
min_min_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP64
min_avg1_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP65
min_avg2_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP66
min_max_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP67
min_min_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP68
min_avg1_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP69
min_avg2_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP70
avg_max_dias_para_pago_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP71
avg_max_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP72
avg_min_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP73
avg_avg1_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP74
avg_avg2_vp_per_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP75
avg_max_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP76
avg_min_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP77
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP78
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u03m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP79
avg_max_dias_para_pago_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP80
avg_max_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP81
avg_min_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP82
avg_avg1_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP83
avg_avg2_vp_per_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP84
avg_max_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP85
avg_min_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP86
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP87
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u06m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP88
avg_max_dias_para_pago_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP89
avg_max_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP90
avg_min_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP91
avg_avg1_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP92
avg_avg2_vp_per_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP93
avg_max_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP94
avg_min_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP95
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP96
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u12m,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP97
max_vp_per_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP98
min_vp_per_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP99
avg1_vp_per_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP100
avg2_vp_per_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP101
max_vp_mes_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP102
min_vp_mes_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP103
avg1_vp_mes_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP104
avg2_vp_mes_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP105
max_max_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP106
max_min_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP107
max_avg1_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP108
max_avg2_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP109
max_max_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP110
max_min_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP111
max_avg1_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP112
max_avg2_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP113
max_max_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP114
max_min_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP115
max_avg1_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP116
max_avg2_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP117
max_max_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP118
max_min_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP119
max_avg1_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP120
max_avg2_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP121
max_max_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP122
max_min_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP123
max_avg1_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP124
max_avg2_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP125
max_max_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP126
max_min_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP127
max_avg1_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP128
max_avg2_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP129
min_max_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP130
min_min_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP131
min_avg1_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP132
min_avg2_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP133
min_max_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP134
min_min_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP135
min_avg1_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP136
min_avg2_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP137
min_max_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP138
min_min_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP139
min_avg1_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP140
min_avg2_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP141
min_max_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP142
min_min_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP143
min_avg1_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP144
min_avg2_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP145
min_max_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP146
min_min_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP147
min_avg1_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP148
min_avg2_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP149
min_max_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP150
min_min_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP151
min_avg1_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP152
min_avg2_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP153
avg_max_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP154
avg_min_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP155
avg_avg1_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP156
avg_avg2_vp_per_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP157
avg_max_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP158
avg_min_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP159
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP160
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u03m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP161
avg_max_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP162
avg_min_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP163
avg_avg1_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP164
avg_avg2_vp_per_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP165
avg_max_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP166
avg_min_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP167
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP168
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u06m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP169
avg_max_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP170
avg_min_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP171
avg_avg1_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP172
avg_avg2_vp_per_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP173
avg_max_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP174
avg_min_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP175
avg_avg1_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP176
avg_avg2_vp_mes_u12m_2,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VAR_VP177
fecha,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
rfc,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_dias_para_pago_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
max_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
min_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg1_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t00,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg2_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_per_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_per_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_per_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_per_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_per_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_per_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_per_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_per_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_per_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_per_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_per_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_per_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_per_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_per_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_per_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_per_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_mes_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_mes_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_mes_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_max_vp_mes_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_mes_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_mes_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_mes_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_min_vp_mes_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_mes_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_mes_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_mes_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg1_vp_mes_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_mes_05pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_mes_10pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_mes_15pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
mss_desde_avg2_vp_mes_20pctmenos,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_dias_para_pago_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_max_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_min_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg1_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_mas_avg2_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_dias_para_pago_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_per_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_max_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_min_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg1_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
avg_pnd_menos_avg2_vp_mes_u12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA & BANREGIO_BOI.voluntaddepago_diario
fecha,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
rfc,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_max_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_min_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg1_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_inc_avg2_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_per_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_max_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_min_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg1_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t01,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t02,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t03,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t04,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t05,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t06,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t07,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t08,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t09,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t10,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t11,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
num_dec_avg2_vp_mes_t12,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES3_VP,DBMYMWORK.JAT_MCV_VARIABLES2_VP
fecha,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_dias_atraso,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
sum_cartera_vencida,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
folioconsultabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
foliorespuestabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fechabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_03,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_06,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_12,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
cur_bal,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fechacartera,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
r_bal_by_cred_lim,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_r_bal_by_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_r_bal_by_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_r_bal_by_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_r_bal_by_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_r_bal_by_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_r_bal_by_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_r_bal_by_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_r_bal_by_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_r_bal_by_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_r_bal_by_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_r_bal_by_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_r_bal_by_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_r_bal_by_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_r_bal_by_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_r_bal_by_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_CRED_LIM,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fechacartera,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
r_bal_by_max_bal,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_r_bal_by_max_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_r_bal_by_max_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_r_bal_by_max_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_r_bal_by_max_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_r_bal_by_max_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_r_bal_by_max_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_r_bal_by_max_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_r_bal_by_max_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_r_bal_by_max_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_r_bal_by_max_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_r_bal_by_max_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_r_bal_by_max_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_r_bal_by_max_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_r_bal_by_max_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_r_bal_by_max_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_R_BAL_BY_MAX_BAL,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_BAL & dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
uen_segmentacion_cliente,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
mes_cv,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
cv,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
mes_cv_09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
cv_09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_atr@06m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
mes_60+@06m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
60+@06m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_atr@09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
mes_60+@09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
60+@09m,dbriskdatamart.JAT_MCV_BANDERA_BM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_dias_atraso,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
sum_cartera_vencida,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
folioconsultabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
foliorespuestabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fechabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_03,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_06,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_12,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_cred_lim_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_cred_lim_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_cred_lim_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_CRED_LIM,DBRISKDATAMART.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_dias_atraso,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
sum_cartera_vencida,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
folioconsultabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
foliorespuestabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fechabc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_03,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_06,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_12,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
fecha_tope_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
d_cred_lim_to_bal,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_d_cred_lim_to_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_d_cred_lim_to_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_d_cred_lim_to_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_d_cred_lim_to_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_d_cred_lim_to_bal_03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_d_cred_lim_to_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_d_cred_lim_to_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_d_cred_lim_to_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_d_cred_lim_to_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_d_cred_lim_to_bal_06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
max_d_cred_lim_to_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
min_d_cred_lim_to_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_d_cred_lim_to_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_menos_d_cred_lim_to_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
avg_pnd_mas_d_cred_lim_to_bal_12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_D_CRED_LIM_TO_BAL,dbriskdatamart.TBL_CARTERACREDITICIA
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CatalogoLinea
fecha,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CatalogoLinea
dias_atraso,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CatalogoLinea
dpcv_cap,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CatalogoLinea
dpcv_int,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CatalogoLinea
dpcv_min,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO,dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CarteraCrediticia & dbriskdatamart.Tbl_CatalogoLinea
rfc,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
fecha,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t00,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t01,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t02,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t03,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t04,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t05,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t06,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t07,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t08,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t09,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t10,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t11,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
da_t12,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
ms_desde_atr01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
ms_desde_atr30m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
ms_desde_atr60m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
ms_desde_atr90m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
max_atr_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_curr_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_01_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_30_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_60_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_90_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_inc_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u01m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u02m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u03m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u04m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u05m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u06m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u07m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u08m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u09m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u10m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u11m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
cnt_dec_u12m,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO2,dbriskdatamart.MZM_MCV_VAR_VARIABLES_DIASATRASO
,,
,,
