VARIABLE,TABLA,TABLA INSUMO
max_num_dlq_bal_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_pct_dlq_bal_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_pct_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt_m,btdc_lgg_var_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_rel_06m_bk,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_op_acc_r_u09m,btdc_lgg_var_count_acc,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_06m_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_lst_pay_nbk_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_cred_max_gt_cur_bal_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max_gt_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_hist_24m_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_06m_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_mop_lt2_nbk_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_rel_24m_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_grw_mop_nbk_r,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_grw_mop_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_rel_06m_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_06m_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_op_acc_op_acc_u03m,btdc_lgg_var_count_acc,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_pmt_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_avg_mop_nbk_tu,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_12m_nbk_tu,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_12m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_num_grw_mop_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_op_acc_pl_op_acc_u09m,btdc_lgg_var_count_acc,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_grw_mop_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_iq_03m_r,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_dlq_bal_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_hist_24m_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_num_grw_mop_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dlq_bal_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
pct_num_iq_24m_m,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq_pct,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq & BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_hist_24m_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_hist_24m_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cred_max_pl,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_dlq_bal_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_dec_mop_bk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_avg_mop_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_24m_amx,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_pct_dlq_bal_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_pct_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_mop_lt2_nbk,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_pmt_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_24m_au,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_24m_r,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_bal_bk,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_ms_lst_pay_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_bal_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dec_mop_tu_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_hist_12m_nbk_tu,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_12m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_lst_pay_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cur_bal_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_d_ms_op_to_ms_cl_bk_pl_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_op_to_ms_cl,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_avg_mop_au,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_d_ms_op_to_ms_max_mop_pl,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_op_to_ms_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt_bk_m,btdc_lgg_var_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_ms_lst_pay_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_24m_m,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_cur_bal_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_d_cur_bal_to_pmt_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_cur_bal_to_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_06m,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_grw_mop_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_06m_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_num_dlq_bal_tu,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_cred_max_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_mop_bal_by_cred_max_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_r_mop_bal_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_mop_lt2_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dlq_bal_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cur_bal_nbk_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_m_mop_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_m_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_op_r,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_avg_mop_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_mop_lt2_tu_all_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_cred_max_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
pct_num_iq_03m_nbk_r,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq_pct,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq & BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_mop_lt2_nbk,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_avg_mop_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_iq_06m,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq,BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_rel_06m_bk_pl_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_rel_06m_pl_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_op_pl_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_op_acc_bk_pl_op_acc_u09m,btdc_lgg_var_count_acc,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_dlq_bal_nbk_tu,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dlq_bal_nbk_r,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_grw_mop_tu_all_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_12m_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_12m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_dlq_bal_nbk_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_mop_lt2_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_ms_lst_pay_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_dlq_bal_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_op_acc_bk_op_acc_u06m,btdc_lgg_var_count_acc,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cred_max_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_pmt_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_d_cur_bal_to_pmt_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_cur_bal_to_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_ms_op_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_bk_pl_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_pmt_by_cred_max_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_pmt_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_avg_mop_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt_nbk,btdc_lgg_var_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_lst_pay_bk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_pl,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_cred_max_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_iq_24m_nbk_au,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq,BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_bal_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_pmt_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cred_lim_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_lim,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_op_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_lst_pay_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_mop_lt2_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cred_lim_nbk_r,btdc_lgg_var_cred_lim,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_d_ms_op_to_ms_max_mop_bk,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_op_to_ms_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dec_mop_m,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dlq_bal_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dec_mop_r,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_bal_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_lst_pay_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_op_r,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_max_mop_bal_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_mop_lt2_nbk_tu_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
pct_num_iq_06m_nbk_au,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq_pct,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq & BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
pct_num_iq_03m_nbk_au,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq_pct,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq & BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_rel_24m,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_op_tu,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_m_mop_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_m_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt_pl,btdc_lgg_var_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_bal_nbk,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dlq_bal_nbk_tu,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_06m_bk_au,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_dlq_bal_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_mop_lt2_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_op_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_ms_lst_pay_amx_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_grw_mop_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_ms_op_au,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_mop_lt2_bk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cred_max_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_op,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dlq_bal_bk_pl_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_ms_lst_pay_au,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop_bk,btdc_lgg_var_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_24m_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_r_mop_bal_by_cred_lim_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_mop_bal_by_cred_lim,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_dec_mop_bk_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_ms_op_au,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dlq_bal_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dec_mop_pl_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_cur_bal_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_lst_buy_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_buy,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_m_mop_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_m_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_op_tu_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_m_mop_r,btdc_lgg_var_m_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_iq_18m_bk,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq,BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_op_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_r_cred_max_by_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_ms_lst_pay_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_num_dlq_bal_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_d_cur_bal_to_pmt_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_cur_bal_to_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_mop_lt2_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_24m_pl_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_r_pmt_by_cred_max_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_pmt_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_m_mop_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_m_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_lst_pay_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_cl_acc_bk_m_u09m,btdc_lgg_var_count_acc,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_dlq_bal_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_num_pmt_tu,btdc_lgg_var_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_ms_op_pl,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_mop_lt2_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_ms_cl_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_cl,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_d_ms_op_to_ms_cl_nbk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_op_to_ms_cl,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_dlq_bal_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_dlq_bal_nbk_tu_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_bal_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_bal_r,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max_bk_au_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dec_mop_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dec_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_24m_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_pmt_m,btdc_lgg_var_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_ms_lst_pay_bk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_op_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_mop_lt2_m,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_avg_mop_tu_all_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_d_ms_op_to_ms_cl_bk_r_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_op_to_ms_cl,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_cred_max_bk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_hist_12m_au,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_12m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_rel_12m_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_12m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_max_mop_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_avg_mop_au,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop_tu,btdc_lgg_var_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_bal_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
dif_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_bal_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_ms_op_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_num_dlq_bal_au,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop_tu_all_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_log_base_mop_of_bal_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_util_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_util,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_m_mop_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_m_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_d_cur_bal_to_pmt_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_cur_bal_to_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_lst_buy_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_buy,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_pct_dlq_bal_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_pct_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dlq_bal_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_tu,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_op_tu,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_grw_mop_tu_all_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_ms_lst_pay_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_util_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_util,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay_nbk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_d_ms_lst_buy_to_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_cred_max_gt_cur_bal_nbk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_cred_max_gt_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_r_pmt_by_cur_bal_tu_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_pmt_by_cur_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_ms_op_bk_pl,btdc_lgg_var_ms_op,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_24m_bk,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
min_mop_lt2_bk_pl_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_mop_lt2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_util_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_util,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_rel_24m_tu_all,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_ms_lst_def_2_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_def_2,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_dlq_bal_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_06m_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_cur_bal_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_r_pmt_by_cred_max_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_pmt_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_max_mop_hist_06m_bk_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_06m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_iq_12m_bk_au,btdc_lgg_var_resumen_iq,BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ3/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ2/BTDC_LGG_VAR_RESUMEN_IQ1/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
sum_dlq_bal_tu_all_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_dlq_bal,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_rel_24m_bk_r,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_rel_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_grw_mop_r,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_ms_lst_pay_bk_pl_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_r_pmt_by_cred_max_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_r_pmt_by_cred_max,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_util_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_util,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_max_mop_hist_24m,btdc_lgg_var_max_mop_hist_24m,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_num_grw_mop_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
num_ms_lst_pay_nbk_tu,btdc_lgg_var_ms_lst_pay,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_pmt_tu_cl_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_pmt,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1/dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3/ dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_avg_mop_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
max_avg_mop_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_num_grw_mop_bk_r_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_num_grw_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_3/ dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 / dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
avg_avg_mop_bk_op_acc,btdc_lgg_var_avg_mop,dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_2 /dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_VAR_SEGMENTADAS_1 & dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_CUENTAS3 /dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroconsulta_recurrente
scf_valor,btdc_lgg_var_sc, dbmymwork.BTDC_LGG_BC_SEG_SC/dbriskdatamart.tbl_buroscore_recurrent
