select *
from crosstab(
'select * from balances.id_cat_value_bal5_met1 order by id, cat',
'select cat from balances.balances_categories'
)
as pivot(
id text,
ac_2 double precision,
ac_3 double precision,
ac_4 double precision,
ac_5 double precision,
ac_6 double precision,
ac_7 double precision,
ac_8 double precision,
ac_9 double precision,
af_2 double precision,
af_3 double precision,
af_4 double precision,
af_5 double precision,
af_6 double precision,
af_7 double precision,
af_8 double precision,
ad_2 double precision,
ad_3 double precision,
ad_4 double precision,
ad_5 double precision,
pc_2 double precision,
pc_3 double precision,
pc_4 double precision,
pc_5 double precision,
pc_6 double precision,
pc_7 double precision,
pc_8 double precision,
pc_9 double precision,
pc_10 double precision,
alp_2 double precision,
alp_3 double precision,
alp_4 double precision,
pd_2 double precision,
pd_3 double precision,
cc_2 double precision,
cc_3 double precision,
cc_4 double precision,
cc_5 double precision,
cc_6 double precision,
cc_7 double precision,
cc_8 double precision,
cc_9 double precision,
cc_10 double precision
)